README.md, before:

# GTA V User Music Editor

## IMPORTANT:
In order to prevent GTA V from overwriting your track data, please set the usertracks.db and usertracks.dbs files to "read-only." You will have to clear the read-only attribute in order to use them with this application again.
Alternatively, in-game you can disable "Auto-scan for Music" in Settings > Audio.
 
Features:
- Browsing for database files
- Loading and parsing database files
- Adding/Editing/Deleting entries
- Removing duplicate entries
- Writing database files to disk

Usage:
- Browse your computer for your GTA V usertracks files. They will be located in the Local AppData folder, in /Rockstar Games/GTA V/User Music.
- Load the tracks from the database.
- Drag and drop supported audio files (.mp3, .m4a, .aac, .wma) to add them to the track list.
- Make any changes to the track list, then write them to the database.

Notes:
- The "Remove Duplicates" feature will remove any entries with the same Artist and Title. This can be problematic if the first 31 characters of the title/artist of two entries match, since the database cuts the fields at 31 characters. Only one of those entries will be kept.

Commit message:

Organize utilities, add version to UI

README.md, after:

# GTA V User Music Editor

## IMPORTANT:
In order to prevent GTA V from overwriting your track data, please set the usertracks.db and usertracks.dbs files to "read-only" after writing them.
Alternatively, in-game you can disable "Auto-scan for Music" in Settings > Audio.

### Installation:
The standalone version is ready to run on Windows 7 and up. Grab this version if you don't want to install any additional software.

The portable version has a tiny file size but requires software packages the following to run:
- [Microsoft .NET Core 3.0 (x64)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.0) Runtimes
- [Microsoft .NET Core 3.0 Desktop (x64)](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet-core/3.0) Runtimes
 
### Features:
- Loading and parsing database files
- Adding/Editing/Deleting entries
- Removing duplicate entries
- Re-scanning database tracks
- Writing database files to disk

### Usage:
- Browse your computer for your GTA V usertracks files. They will be located in the Local AppData folder, in /Rockstar Games/GTA V/User Music.
- Load the tracks from the database.
- Drag and drop supported audio files (.mp3, .m4a, .aac, .wma) to add them to the track list.
- Make any changes to the track list, then write them to the database.
